README.md, before:

# Projet 12 - SportSee - OpenClassrooms
 
## 1. Project

### 1.1 Description

SportSee is a sport analytics dashboard.
The user can access his profile and follow the number of sessions performed as well as the number of calories burned.

### 1.2 Dependencies

* React 18
* React Router v6
* Recharts
* PropsTypes
* Sass

## 2. Getting Started

### 2.1 Prerequisites

- [NodeJS (**version 12.18**)](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

If you are working with several versions of NodeJS, we recommend you install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm). This tool will allow you to easily manage your NodeJS versions.

### 2.2 Install the project

- Fork the repository
- Clone it on your computer.
- Install the dependencies.
```bash
npm install
// or
yarn install
```


### 2.3 Run the development server

You can start the server using this command:

```bash
npm start
// or
yarn start
```

Open [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to view it in your browser.

## Data Usage

Create a file `.env` and copy/paste the content in `.env.example`.

By default, this application uses an API for displaying data.
If you want to use this api, go [here](https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/P9-front-end-dashboard) and follow the instructions.

If you want to use the mocks data, update `.env` like this `REACT_APP_TEST_MOCK=true`.

## Authors

Mickael S.

## License

This project is licensed under the [NAME HERE] License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

Commit message:

feat: generate docs folder with JsDoc & update readme

README.md, after:

# Projet 12 - SportSee - OpenClassrooms
 
## 1. Project

### 1.1 Description

SportSee is a sport analytics dashboard.
The user can access his profile and follow the number of sessions performed as well as the number of calories burned.

### 1.2 Dependencies

* React 18
* React Router v6
* Recharts
* PropsTypes
* Sass
* JsDoc

## 2. Getting Started

### 2.1 Prerequisites

- [NodeJS (**version 12.18**)](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

If you are working with several versions of NodeJS, we recommend you install [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm). This tool will allow you to easily manage your NodeJS versions.

### 2.2 Install the project

- Fork the repository
- Clone it on your computer.
- Install the dependencies.
```bash
npm install
// or
yarn install
```


### 2.3 Run the development server

You can start the server using this command:

```bash
npm start
// or
yarn start
```

Open [http://localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000) to view it in your browser.

## 3. Data Usage

Create a file `.env` and copy/paste the content in `.env.example`.

By default, this application uses an API for displaying data.
If you want to use this api, go [here](https://github.com/OpenClassrooms-Student-Center/P9-front-end-dashboard) and follow the instructions.

If you want to use the mocks data, update `.env` like this `REACT_APP_TEST_MOCK=true`.

## 4. Generate documentation JsDoc

The project contains comments in the files. 
But you can generate the documentation JsDoc if you want.

Use `npm run docs` for generate the `./docs` folder at the root of the project.

## Authors

Mickael S.
